how people welcome you to another
gameplay commentary we now
probably already heard that
my voice pretty much hacks the people
that followed me on facebook came
probably already from it
I always keep you up there
the current one
I have a laryngitis and
that's why no video came yesterday
I actually thought it is still today
better that I am a whole today
can bring normal video but that is
unfortunately not like that
Actually, I'm even allowed to
not talking but I thought so
come a short quick commentary
you have to knock out just about me too
to let the people know me
unfortunately not on facebook
yes in any case today is yes
Tuesday morning on Wednesday will be then
finally come the long-awaited video
when i meet the abo where on the
So gamescom is doing as said Friday
and on saturday i will definitely do 1
only on time and in which hall
I would find myself as the will you
then see you tomorrow in the comments
do not be surprised in the morning my
agree just sued because the have there
I will also record soon
and I just hope that I can wait until the
So gamescom talk to friday where we are
We all see that until then
reasonably healthy or
or not much for me
shit goes because otherwise I can
I do not think so, but I come
I will give everything I will
It's not easy for me all day
no longer compete and today
this comments and afterwards for
how lok what tomorrow comes because when
I am where and so what else, too
I'm all will of course
also because facebook is also on the
keep running where i am right now what
I'm just going to tell you where and where he is from
can not come and when I'm in
the box is still one of you
gamble or something on the gamescom or
no affair I post as synonymous again
and how much time in which hall
fan meeting are definitely mine
friends i do not want much now
long talk I know how the gameplay in
to clap the background
probably a very tricky nuclear
or somehow everything is talking
also extreme because i believe this
commentary is also so extreme for me later
embarrassing for my voice so ugly
But what should you do if you are
is ill
I really did not want to stop right now
no video brings me that's me
also in the wiping water at the upload plane
not as good as it gets
yes in any case friends then I say
now oil shimmers and I forget
Tomorrow is super important for you
turn and write me now
ever under it who of you everything up
the gamescom is teeming with it